Implement typechecked abi.encodeCall() (#12287)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.11 (unreleased)

Language Features:

>  * General: New function ``abi.encodeCall(FunctionPointer functionPointer, (...)) returns (bytes memory)`` that performs a full type-check.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
 * General: New function ``abi.encodeCall(functionPointer, (arg1, arg2, ...))`` that type-checks the arguments and returns the ABI-encoded function call data.
```

>  * General: New function ``abi.encodeCall(functionPointer, (arg1, arg2, ...))`` that type-checks the arguments and returns the ABI-encoded function call data.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can call it a "built-in" function for clarity?
```suggestion
 * General: New built-in function ``abi.encodeCall(functionPointer, (arg1, arg2, ...))`` that type-checks the arguments and returns the ABI-encoded function call data.
```
